PD-1916-update-veeam-content-with-smb-share-instructions (#3878)
truenas/documentation: content/Solutions/Integrations/Veeam.md

For example, 390 TB of usable space with 12 TB drives requires four groups and 48 drives.
Detailed configurations can be discussed with iXsystems sales representatives and engineers.

## Configuring Veeam Agent with SMB on TrueNAS

Veeam Agent for Microsoft Windows supports backing up to SMB shares hosted on TrueNAS.

### Creating the SMB Share

> 1. Go to **Storage > Pools**, create a dataset (example: `veeam-backups`), and set the Share Type to **SMB**.
> 2. Go to **Sharing > SMB**, create a share pointing to the dataset.

Reviewer: With the change to the UI, these two steps become one:
```suggestion
1. Go to **Datasets**, create a dataset (example: `veeam-backups`), and set the **Dataset Preset** to **SMB**.
2. Accept the option to create the share with the dataset.
```

3. Create a TrueNAS user (example: `veeam`) and assign full access to the dataset ACL.
4. Enable the SMB service.

Use the Virtual IP (VIP) for high availability.

### Setting Up Veeam Agent

1. Open **Veeam Agent for Microsoft Windows**.
2. Click **Configure Backup**.
3. Select **Entire Computer**, then **Shared Folder** as the destination.
4. Enter the SMB path and TrueNAS local user credentials.
5. Adjust backup schedule and retention if desired.

> 6. Click **Finish** to begin the backup.

Reviewer: Does clicking **Finish** actually begin the back up? If no, how about this instead for step 6.

Click **Finish**. You can now begin a backup.

Author: good catch!
